This project is a 2D video game in python, the goal of using python for developing this game is that it an open source software and have very easy syntax and also an used all over the world for developing various products. The core of this game is,  Pygame, a set of python modules designed for game development, which was used for various tasks such as blitting images, moving these images, defining number of frames per second, adding audio to game, etc.   
The end product is a level game in which a player has to move towards the end gate in each level, by killing enemies, collecting coins, various item boxes such as Health Box, Grenade Box, Bullet Box coming an the way. The enemy is also intelligent which will also start shooting the player when player comes close to it. The player can use bullets and grenades to kill enemies. But, player has definite number of bullets and grenades for each level . Initially, this game has total of 9 levels but we can add more levels in future if needed.
In this project, before playing the game the player has to login or if player doesn’t want to login then he can also play as Guest in which player will be assigned a unique Guest Id which will be stored in database. After logging in to the game, a level selection  page will be displayed in which player had to select the level among the unlocked levels which he want to play. And at the end of each level, the score which he created during the level will be stored in the database.
This project is dynamic in  nature, because when player reaches the end of each level, player’s rank will be counted automatically and displayed to him.
